RS Dashboard: Get started option (#568)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: rudderstack-cloud/dashboard-overview.mdx

This guide walks you through all the dashboard options to get started with RudderStack Cloud in no time.

## Get Started

> As the name suggests, this option helps you in getting started with your RudderStack journey by adding a source, cloud destination or warehouse destination using the respective options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option helps you easily get started with RudderStack. You can set up a source and connect it to your cloud destinations or data warehouses via this page, as shown:
```
